bold red spots on breast
sad little face
long gangly legs
long thick beak
fluffy little muttonchops
tiny pathetic beak
long brown tail
a white-barred belly and flanks
bright red eyes. 
remarkably parrotlike beak
dull pinkish feet.
bright yellow underparts
unique face pattern of the juggalo hatchetman
underparts pale with diffuse gray streaks on chest. 
a big permanently raised crest that gives it a unique, broad-headed profile.
prominent whitish markings on sides of neck and breast 
a relatively long, pointed bill 
black feet and pale eyes 
a metallic sheen to the underparts.
the bird, how can I put this delicately, it has teeth.
well-groomed around the vent.
puts on complex displays during the breeding season.
eats primarily discarded spaghettios.
goes absolutely apeshit for some seeds.
mildly clairvoyant.
warm and gregarious personality.
despite best efforts to groom itself, is usually sticky.
smells like avocado.
has the scent of fresh sourdough loaf.
occasionally clips through foliage.
Feeds mainly by dumpster diving.
Spends most of its time on the wing.
Quite social, and often seen in loose flocks of dozens or more. 
Warm and cuddly.
Snarky and independent, a real Daria of a bird.
Loves jazz, the smoother the better, during mating season.
Usually found alone. 
Nervous and jumpy, often to conclusions.
Snooty and elitist.
Intelligent in a sort of a kind of a bird way.
Will fly miles to take a hot wet shit on a confederate statue.
Prefers the reboot to the original every time.
Loves to do a heckin big stretch.
Knows how many beans make five.
Misses adobe flash player.
Loves to do a silly little dance called "crank that soulja boy".
Has a plastic sheet down its back you can peel off if you ask nicely.
Can understand ASL but unable to sign it due to wings.
Loves fruity, hoppy, bullshit IPAs.
Known for wiggling seductively to attract mates.
Known for waggling its tail salaciously to attract a mate.
Known for sending a pleading emoji and a heart to attract mates.
Known for being a messy bitxh who loves drama.
Known for its impressive, though still bird sized, calves.
Known for asking and answering mildly challenging riddles.
fairly common and easily heard. Seriously, everyone has seen this bird.
Existentially sad it is a fantasy bird that exists only in your mind palace and will never feel the sun on its skin or the wind beneath its wings.
Clips coupons but forgets to bring them to the store.
shy and rarely seen in the open.
often found on or near the ground
occasionally perches higher when singing.
often found in bonded pairs making everyone else uncomfortable.
often found in small flocks 
Juvenile duller, in coloration and at parties.
long, only slightly downcurved bill.

