the island of Sulawesi. 
midwestern chain restaurants 
liquor store parking lots, ready to fight
dry thorn savanna and thorn scrub
mature lowland forest from Honduras to Ecuador
former pizza huts.
Pamplona, Spain.
Freedonia.
a big cuddly pile.
shortgrass prairies or dirt fields.
Carmichael, CA.
scrubby and brushy habitats.
Spencer's Gifts.
lowland and foothill rainforest. 
Gondor.
drier regions of the Andes 
the lowlands of Argentina.
the Sierra Nevada.
Aerugo.
Zaragoza, Spain.
Florin.
the mount Shasta area.
San Diego comic-con.
around water bodies, agricultural fields, and dry land. 
Mpumalanga, South Africa.
anywhere you want it, that's the way you need it.
Provo, Utah.
throughout the highland forests of Sumatra.
Drusselstein.
in rainforest at low and middle elevations, mostly in thick growth at middle levels.
libraries after hours.
Valladolid, Spain.
your mom's house.
high above the ground in fruiting trees.
seedy massage parlors. 
the greater Sacramento area.
Coiba Island off the Pacific coast of Panama.
Itombwe/Kahuzi (Democratic Republic of Congo).
Lima, Peru.
the circumpolar subantarctic zone.
Trader Joe's.
southeastern New South Wales.
the Queensland border.
Codfish Island, New Zealand.
South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands.
Malaysia.
offshore tropical waters around the globe; not seen from the mainland. 
Colombia.
tall forest on sandy soils, and may also be found in shorter-stature forest on similar soil types.
Ecuador.
foraging in the mud along tidal creeks and estuaries 
the upper subtropical and temperate forest
a variety of rainforest habitats, but most common around forest edges.
India.
Lake Tahoe.
Angola.
Northern Australia. 
Southern Illinois.
primary forest, but tolerant of modified habitats.
Hallownest.
KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.
South Detroit.
the Pacific Northwest (Pee No Wee). 
Albertine Rift Forest between 1760 and 2500 meters of elevation.
Bwindi (Uganda) 
Northern Virginia Beach 
The car??
stands of bamboo or cane, especially along large rivers, in Bolivia.
Mozambique
All over, if you know what I mean.
North and South Korea.
low and middle elevations in eastern rainforest.  
lowland and foothill rainforest. 
shortgrass prairies or dirt fields.
Al Qolnidar.
Papua New Guinea.
wet grasslands and grassy margins of oxbow lakes.
Seedier honky-tonks, but only there for the seeds.
theory.
rush hour traffic.
understory of mossy forest, including on outlying ridges. 
Planet Fitness.
your mind palace, just behind the fourth wall.
the Darden family of restaurants.
the foyer? Who saw this bird on the Ring and let them in??
the mid-story and canopy of humid forests.
broadleaved woodland and lush savanna.
areas with baobabs.
Corto Maltese.
Lilliput.
Yellowstone National Park
the stu, spitting bars over a hot new track.
shortgrass prairies, often with areas of bare ground.
a big rowdy group.
lowland forest on Biak Island.
barren fields, from the southwestern U.S. to central Mexico.
the swagbag given out at red carpet events.
a french maid outfit complete with saucy feather tickler.
Andean cloud forest. That's a decentralized forest solution to your bird storage needs.
northern and central Colombia 
middle levels of the forest, because it is mid.
Ecuador.
open forest, forest edge, and tangles at 1200-2800 meters of elevation.
thick and tangled portions of the understory and mid-story of montane forest.
Cameroon.
spacious walk-in closets.
the Home Depot. More specifically, in the parking lot, in the food truck line for a delicious churro.
open dry savanna and broadleaved woodland. 
Kenya.
forest on small islands off New Guinea and New Britain.  
Aldovia.
Bath and Body Beyond.
dense tangles in the forest understory, often in areas with bamboo. 
Sierra de La Laguna mountains near the southern tip of the Baja Peninsula.
that chain restaurants your dad thinks is fancy. 
difficult-looking yoga poses.
Random trees and bushes. No not that one, try again. You're wrong. So close...
highland forests and forest edge. associated with 
bamboo thickets.
a soup bowl! It likes to sleep in them for some reason. How positively macabre!
Indonesia.
the Baja Peninsula.
COD lobbies.
Bartovia.
trendy little bistros.
dense shrubbery and leaf litter.  
Malaysia.
JFK International Airport.
Creta.
treetops of montane forest, typically in pairs. 
abandoned malls.
Clarión Island, which is located in the Pacific Ocean about 450 miles southwest of the tip of Baja California in Mexico.
cloud forest in the western Andes. 
Borginia.
