one high liquid-sounding note being repeated over and over.
a convincing rendition of the opening riff from "seven nation army".
a clear whistle and rattle. 
asking to speak to the manager .
a fast, high-pitched chattering.
a high-pitched clear note.
a rising series of whistling "wuew, wuwuew, wuew".
the sound of silence.
a hiccupy chortle.
loud, wavering whistles.
a bass-heavy quack.
a low, resonant call like “rohh”.
a disyllabic “roh-ow.”
a witty rejoinder.
"chur" and "chip" notes. 
the Windows shutdown sound.
a distinctive two-part staccato knocking call, "crock-crock," often repeated.
a sexy cackle.
a soft, haunting, "AWOOOGA"
a cheeky "yip yip yip"
a few raspy and nasal variants of a harsh "kraaa"
grunts and wild honking squawks.
a dry "tek" note.
a rough, quickly repeated "chree".
a single, strident metallic "chip".
nasal, squabbling, and upslurred buzzy notes.
an upward inflected and drawn out "wreh".
a variety of shrill gobbling sounds.
an exasperated sigh.
a high-pitched "tzee-tzee".
an ominous drone.
a light titter.
a deep and resonant “ouh-woOO WOO".
a sickly little cough.
typically given in flight, and sounds like a series of swears.
a soft gurgling trill 
a loud whistle that rises and falls
a cheeky chirp
soft, repeated whistles
a high-pitched tinny "tsit-tsit".
high-pitched song with a stutter in the middle.
a punishing bass riff.
a silly little burp.
a rising and falling twittering.
dry “tip” notes.
very high-pitched whistles, some very short and others long and drawn out.
a rapid "tseet-tsit-tsit-sit-sit-it-it".
a good solid "quack".
a series high-pitched, squeaky "swee".  
a variety of high squeaky notes and occasionally buzzes.
a vast repertoire of typical parrot-like squeals.
a vast repertoire of typical parrot-like shrieks.
a vast repertoire of typical parrot-like chatters.
a vast repertoire of typical parrot-like moans.
a vast repertoire of typical parrot-like squeals, shrieks, moans, and chatters.
an alarming sound often compared to the words “Did we do it?”
a “p’p’p’p’POW!”, building with a first set of rapid, softer notes followed by an explosive note.
a sharp, loud “chikeek!”.
a quavering trill of “trrrri-trrri-trrri-trrri”
sharp meowing calls that often are repeated
a punishing drill beat.
a very normal hoot.
a melodic, flutelike songcooing call likened to laughter.
a hard “tchuk” and also a cicada-like “zee-zee-zee.” 
horrifying high-pitched screeching 
a series of slightly wheezy whistles, descending in pitch.
a short, whistled, medium-pitch phrase, increasing in volume. 
an accelerating series of rising, identical-pitch notes with an explosive quality.
an unsettlingly human sex moan
a low grumble 
5 quick chirps.
a weird little sound. Kinda creeps me out.
a tiny cough.
a Kyocera default ringtone
a corrupted MIDI of Cum on Feel the Noize
whistlerlike “whip!” notes 
a repeated “chikki-chewitt!”.
low-pitched, froglike notes.
a commonly heard, explosive “pseek!”
series of chip notes that could easily be passed off as an insect.
a dry, repeated “tek-tek-tek-chital-chew”.
a very long series of rising, frog-like trills.
a comedy record scratch 
a 128kb MP3 of Boulevard of Broken Dreams
litte croaks and chirping notes.
a cute little sneeze
Now That's What I Call Chirps! Volumne 3.
Now That's What I Call Chirps! Volumne 1.
Now That's What I Call Chirps! Volumne 2.
Now That's What I Call Squaks! Volumne 1.
Now That's What I Call Whistles! Volumne 3.
Now That's What I Call Cheeps! Volumne 2.
an indignant "hummph!"
denying the existence of a loving God
a solem prayer of forgiveness 
that sound Chris Cornell makes with his throat at the end of "Gasoline" 
a gasping cry.
a harsh, dry grating call of “ka-ka-ka-ka…”
a single “chowwEER"
a distinctive shrill single note “pleeiiee.”
a low "hup hup hup"
a rapid, squeaky “tsi-tsi-tsi"
variable high-pitched squeals.
a short, far-carrying, nasal “gak!” 
a long “bwooooop” note that is repeated slowly 
a high whistled song of “tuw-tuwee . . ."
a low “Boop!”
a tiny clicking sound.
a low grumble.
a quiet, rising, two-part whistle
an accelerating sequence of short repeated squawks.
an accelerating sequence of short repeated squeaks.
a big gross burp.
a Nokia ringtone.
an accelerating sequence of high-pitched clicks.
an accelerating sequence of short repeated squawks and squeaks.
a series of long, slightly out of tune, quavering whistles. 
clipped fluty whistle.
harsh and buzzy.
grating, whistling, and nasal notes.
very high-pitched whistles, some short and others drawn out.
sizzling “radio static”.
loud melodious whistles.
bell-like sounds.
painfully off-key whistling.
soft humming sounds.
a simple high-pitch “chip”.
a hearty chortle.
a tiny sigh.
gobbling often audible in the spring and early summer
a harsh "tschlip".
a soft “chump".
a repeated phrase of flutey notes.
a haunting mournful whistle.
a pleasant, descending “jweeee”
a loud descending screech.
a loud screech.
terrified screaming.  
a ringing nasal note.
a harsh rasping note.
a drawn-out wail.
loud barking and yapping.
a hooting song that carries well on still nights.
double-hooting call of this species, which can sound like an owl, and is mainly uttered around dawn
a high, bisyllabic squeak like “peeweet?”
a high, accelerating series of whistles.

