Puts on complex displays during the breeding season.
Eats primarily discarded spaghettios.
Goes absolutely apeshit for some seeds.
Mildly clairvoyant.
Warm and gregarious personality.
Despite best efforts to groom itself, is usually sticky.
Smells like avocado.
has the scent of fresh sourdough loaf.
Occasionally clips through foliage.
Feeds mainly by dumpster diving.
Pretty face and bad attitude.
Spends most of its time on the wing.
It is a strong swimmer and can also do agile leaps onto rocks. 
Quite social, and often seen in loose flocks of dozens or more. 
Warm and cuddly.
Snarky and independent, a real Daria of a bird.
Loves jazz, the smoother the better, during mating season.
Usually found alone. 
Nervous and jumpy, often to conclusions.
Snooty and elitist.
Is intelligent in a sort of a kind of a bird way.
Prefers the reboot to the original every time.
Loves to do a heckin big stretch.
Knows how many beans make five.
Misses adobe flash player.
Flutters wings when alarmed.
Loves to do a silly little dance called "crank that soulja boy".
Has a plastic sheet down its back you can peel off if you ask nicely.
Can understand ASL but unable to sign it due to wings.
Loves fruity, hoppy, bullshit IPAs.
Known for wiggling seductively to attract mates.
Known for waggling its tail salaciously to attract a mate.
Known for sending a pleading emoji and a heart to attract mates.
Known for being a messy bitxh who loves drama.
Known for its impressive, though still bird sized, calves.
Known for asking and answering mildly challenging riddles.
Fairly common and easily heard. Seriously, everyone has seen this bird.
Very common. You've seen this thing I'm sure.
Extremely common. This thing is everywhere. Quite frankly I'm sick of its little face.
Existentially sad it is a fantasy bird that exists only in your mind palace and will never feel the sun on its skin or the wind beneath its wings.
Clips coupons but forgets to bring them to the store.
Shy and rarely seen in the open.
Often found on or near the ground
Occasionally perches higher when singing.
Hops around like it stubbed a toe.
Bobs its head as it walks.
Often found in bonded pairs making everyone else uncomfortable.
Often found in small, close-knit flocks.
Juvenile duller, in coloration and at parties.
Hates all sauces.
Often perches on telephone wires.
Frequently perches on bushes.
Has slow, buoyant wingbeats. 
Often flicks wings when calling.
Fairly common but rarely encountered.
Usually on or near the ground in pairs.   
No similar species exist after its ancestors angered god.
Often solitary.
When disturbed it makes a grunting cough noise as it flies away.
Slightly radioactive.
The flight is hesitant, and the tail flops up and down.
Usually found feeding on the ground.
often found in pairs.
Flock size may increase to 300.
Flock size may increase to 70.
Flock size may increase to 69. Nice.
Flock size may increase to 100.
Flock size may increase to about a dozen individuals.
Juveniles usually found with adults as family groups.
Sluggish and difficult-to-see. 
Eats insects, snails, and fish. 
Eats couscous and barbecue sauce.
Mostly seen singly or in pairs. 
Usually in small groups, gossiping.
Crouches low to the ground and walks with pattering footsteps. 
Rare and endangered, thought to be extinct until its rediscovery in 2018. 
Abrasive and short-tempered
Massive healthbar like a bloodborne boss.
Carefree and rowdy.
Shy and occasionally socially inept 
A loose cannon who doesn't play by the rules!
Usually found in hyperactive flocks. 
Smelly but confident 
Harsh but fair judge of anime quality. 
Knows when to hold them, when to fold them, and when to walk away.
Constantly shakes its wings as if cold.
Feeds on fruit and also nectar. 
Elusive and uncommon; unlikely to be seen by those not searching for it. But will always appear to those who believe. 
A big jerk, 7 days a week.
Flight is generally quick and weaving, with rather jerky wingbeats and little to no gliding.
Runs on the ground, searching for small arthropods.
Walks on the ground, searching for small arthropods and plant material.


